[audio] Add initial docs for alpha release (#32278)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/audio.mdx

> title: Audio

Reviewer: One thing that I found annoying in Video is the lack of the package name here. Of course we'll remove it once `expo-av` docs are removed.
```suggestion
title: Audio (expo-audio)
```

description: A library that provides an API to implement audio playback and recording in apps.
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-av'
packageName: 'expo-audio'
iconUrl: '/static/images/packages/expo-av.png'
platforms: ['android', 'ios', 'web']
---

import APISection from '~/components/plugins/APISection';
import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import { ConfigPluginExample, ConfigPluginProperties } from '~/ui/components/ConfigSection';
import { SnackInline } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';
import { PlatformTags } from '~/ui/components/Tag';

> > **Info** This page documents an upcoming version of the Audio library. **Expo audio is currently in alpha and subject to breking changes.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **warning** This page documents an upcoming version of the Audio library. **Expo audio is currently in alpha and subject to breaking changes.**
```

Warning is an appropriate callout here.
